Thank You Danielle and I and 20 years
ago and she's truly met his friend the
way we met James like our friendship is
very rare and you need it all started
with the infamous and we'll wrap her
story but then when I learned free
school we had enough time every day and
you know then you're going to have some
sort of snap around this time and on
this day I just don't have a minimal
carbs so there I was live up and then
soundlessly Malibu I'd open you know do
what I was supposed to be doing I long
for someone damn it in themes mind that
i was sleepy and thought it would be
nice to share some forgettable covers
and mid has friends everything so it's
my turn
tissue in a lower hose with you
but you know you know Danielle and I
lived mile apart we managed for
friendship rickshaw and all she's
younger than myself I've always looked
up to her she was the reason for a major
contributing factor in need to be dance
lessons signing up her soccer and yes I
can even think before I one year toe
touches conspirators let me know kind of
blah more our first boyfriend and
knocked on our future together we would
marry hot twins we would walk down the
aisle to our joint wedding and then we
would share mansion you know she'd be
the left wing right it's literally
at the time without one sniffing about
the type of person delivering we never
said I want to marry someone that will
love me unconditionally someone that is
a genuine a hard-working some of them is
trustworthy someone made me laugh but
that's exactly the kind of person to
help Tom Curtis all our life plan I know
that the younger versions of us
the love of these two I can look at that
across our car the buff it needs to have
managed to capture is eternal it's
whatever another were minimal hours away
be loud Curtis you and I are both so
let's to have some like a young harlots
and take amazing care of her arrest for
life Danielle I can ask for more perfect
touch it I love you you're amazing
person in the people get a Candace get
it
you know these bad boys have Rollins 20
years of good luck they're so dry maybe
just maybe you can be the animal and
share some of your crowd how about we
talk to the mr. and mrs. work
you